.TH "JBToolkit.XmlDoc.Converters.OfficeHtmlPdfImageConverter.AdditionalOptions" 3 "Tue Sep 1 2020" "JB.Toolkit" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
JBToolkit.XmlDoc.Converters.OfficeHtmlPdfImageConverter.AdditionalOptions \- Additional input options  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override string \fBToString\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int? \fBQuality\fP = null\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "Image quality\&. 0 - 100 "
.ti -1c
.RI "bool? \fBRemoveWhiteBackground\fP = null\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "Image conversion\&. I\&.e\&. jpg to png "
.ti -1c
.RI "bool? \fBTryKeepTextFormatting\fP = null\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "Try keep text formatting (when converting to txt)\&. Default = true "
.ti -1c
.RI "bool? \fBOverwrite\fP = null\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "Any conversion\&. Default = false; "
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBPages\fP = null\fC [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "Document conversion\&. Default = * (all) Convert only specifc pages, i\&.e\&. '1-3,7,9,11-13' or even sheet names for Exec as '[sheet1],[sheet3]' "
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Additional input options 


.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override string JBToolkit\&.XmlDoc\&.Converters\&.OfficeHtmlPdfImageConverter\&.AdditionalOptions\&.ToString ()"

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool? JBToolkit\&.XmlDoc\&.Converters\&.OfficeHtmlPdfImageConverter\&.AdditionalOptions\&.Overwrite = null\fC [get]\fP, \fC [set]\fP"

.PP
Any conversion\&. Default = false; 
.SS "string JBToolkit\&.XmlDoc\&.Converters\&.OfficeHtmlPdfImageConverter\&.AdditionalOptions\&.Pages = null\fC [get]\fP, \fC [set]\fP"

.PP
Document conversion\&. Default = * (all) Convert only specifc pages, i\&.e\&. '1-3,7,9,11-13' or even sheet names for Exec as '[sheet1],[sheet3]' 
.SS "int? JBToolkit\&.XmlDoc\&.Converters\&.OfficeHtmlPdfImageConverter\&.AdditionalOptions\&.Quality = null\fC [get]\fP, \fC [set]\fP"

.PP
Image quality\&. 0 - 100 
.SS "bool? JBToolkit\&.XmlDoc\&.Converters\&.OfficeHtmlPdfImageConverter\&.AdditionalOptions\&.RemoveWhiteBackground = null\fC [get]\fP, \fC [set]\fP"

.PP
Image conversion\&. I\&.e\&. jpg to png 
.SS "bool? JBToolkit\&.XmlDoc\&.Converters\&.OfficeHtmlPdfImageConverter\&.AdditionalOptions\&.TryKeepTextFormatting = null\fC [get]\fP, \fC [set]\fP"

.PP
Try keep text formatting (when converting to txt)\&. Default = true 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for JB\&.Toolkit from the source code\&.
